# Model-predictive-control
The main objective is to set : a Model predictive controller using MPC toolbox.

The process is : thermal blower

Description :
The blower consists of two columns. The first column is supplied by cold air. The 
cold air flow rate df is maintained at the set point dfsp by a PI regulator which 
manipulates the fan speed vf. The second column is supplied by air which is heated. 
The hot air flow rate dc is maintained at the set point dcsp by a PI regulator which 
manipulates the fan speed vc. A third PI regulator maintains the hot air temperature Te
at a constant set point of 45°C by manipulating the heating power pe. The two 
columns intersect at the heat exchanger. The role of the exchanger is to homogenize 
the temperatures, i.e. the cold air cools the hot air and the hot air heats the cold air. A 
cylinder floats freely in the upper part of each of the two columns. A laser located at 
the top of each column measures the height reached by these cylinders, hc and hf. The 
temperature Tf in the cold air column at the outlet of the exchanger is also measured. 
An unmeasured pc disturbance can be generated by creating an opening at the base of 
the section where the cylinder floats in the hot air column.

The objective is to control the heights hc and hf while constraining the temperature Tf
within a given temperature range. The two manipulated variables, according to a 
hierarchical structure, are the flow rate set points dfsp and dcsp. To achieve this, you 
must use the Matlab MPC toolbox. The Simulink file simSoufflerie.slx simulates the 
blower and the three PI loops.

The process is described by a matrix of transfer functions.




Specifications :
- bumpless,
- well-damped response to a step set point on the heights,
- ± 5% response to a step set point on the heights of about 10 to 15 seconds,
- zero static error,
- the height must not exceed 10% and 90%, regardless of the set point values,
- the hot and cold air flow rate set points are limited between 15% to 50%, and
- the temperature Tf must be maintained between 27 ° C and 28 ° C.
